# Michael Monica
Generic Company
## Personal Statement
Juniata Student working to get things done in a efficient manner that improves this programming experience.
## Biography
Hi! My name is Michael Monica and I am from Greencastle, PA. I have a few passions including museum work, baseball, movies, and travel. I grew up playing baseball and thought I was quite good at it, yet never grew enough to pursue it past middle school. Since I can no longer physically play I have since become invested in watching the MLB season every year and am a diehard Pirates fan (despite how difficult of a franchise they are to support). Movies are another very important part of my life, my favorite films being Buffalo '66, Trainspotting, Gregg Araki's Nowhere, and La Haine. I also place a lot of value in being able to travel, some destinations I have visited are the Czech Republic, the UK, and Greece. 
## Academic Interests 
My POE at Juniata College is History & Museum Studies, which I am always told is an interesting combo. I have always had an interest in museums since I was a child and saw it as the best career path for me, so when deciding on where to go to school I gravitated towards Juniata as it had a unique Museum Studies program. I am now in my senior year, expecting to graduate spring 2025. I have been working in Museums since I was 16, starting as a volunteer at a small historic house in Greencastle called the Allison-Antrim Museum. I would come to be the head volunteer there and eventually hired as a museum assistant all before starting college. Once at Juniata I took up a gallery attendant position at the Juniata College Museum of Art my freshman year. I have since progressed into a JA position where I assist with classes and oversee various other projects for the JCMA. Inbetween these years at college I continued to work at the Allison-Antrim Museum in the summers, took a course with the Lobkowicz Collection in Prague, and did an internship with the Washington County Museum of Fine Arts in Hagerstown, Maryland.
## Programming & Research Interests
I am a bit of a yesman in this area, you point me to a project and I am on it. What I am offering is dedication to figuring out any aspect related to programming and any surrounding research as it comes to me!
